docs: removing Template API (#549)
vaadin/docs: articles/guide/upgrading.asciidoc

The following instructions apply when upgrading from a version before Vaadin 21.

> === The Web Components No Longer Support <template>

Author: The Vaadin Web Components?

Author: Changed the sentence to use "The Vaadin Web Components" instead.

> As a part of migration to LitElement, the Web Components no longer support `<template>` to render a content.

Reviewer: Maybe LitElement shouldn't be mentioned here yet as the components are still Polymer based.

Author: Removed the mention.

> The Vaadin Web Components no longer support `<template>` to render content.
> 
> Please, use renderer functions instead.
> 
> Alternatively, you can use the `@vaadin/vaadin-template-renderer` package which is created to maintain backward compatibility.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Vaadin Web Components no longer support `<template>` to render content.
Please, use renderer functions instead.
Alternatively, you can use the `@vaadin/vaadin-template-renderer` package which is created to maintain backward compatibility.
```

==== Installation

> Install `vaadin-template-renderer`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Install `vaadin-template-renderer` as follows:
```

```
npm i @vaadin/vaadin-template-renderer --save
```

Import `vaadin-template-renderer` before any other components:

[source,typescript]
----
import '@vaadin/vaadin-template-renderer';
----

==== Deprecation Warning

> By default, `vaadin-template-renderer` shows a deprecation warning once a component using `<template>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `vaadin-template-renderer` shows a deprecation warning when `<template>` is used with a component.
```

Author: Thanks! Fixed.

The following instructions apply when upgrading from a version before Vaadin 21.

=== The Vaadin Web Components No Longer Support <template>

The Vaadin Web Components no longer support `<template>` to render a content.

Please, use renderer functions instead.

Alternatively, you can use the `@vaadin/vaadin-template-renderer` package which is created to maintain the backward compatibility.

==== Installation

Install `vaadin-template-renderer`:
```
npm i @vaadin/vaadin-template-renderer --save
```

Import `vaadin-template-renderer` before any other components:

[source,typescript]
----

> import '@vaadin/vaadin-template-renderer';

Reviewer: Could add the import for vaadin-combo-box here to showcase that it should be added after the template-renderer import?

Reviewer: Ah, I see you removed the, nevermind then

Author: Added, please check it.

Author: Removed :)

----

> Now, you can use templates as before:

Author: Is it necessary?

Reviewer: Could be removed.

Author: Removed.
